I am you and I lost my sister Lin
You return my sister Lin
Chen Wei, are you crazy?
It's all the murderer
What's wrong with my boy's boyfriend?
Why do you still think of him?
The son has been around for more than 20 years
You go through the death of motherhood one day.
You've been using me
You make me force myself to live according to your wishes
What's the difference between you and the walking dead?
You know I'm with them
I feel like I'm alive alone.
You give me back my change.
I'll send you to the city, you bastard, to hell
Ah!
Zhang Wei
You don't know
He promised.
I want to promise you
Miss Sha is really Mr. Ye's lucky star
Just got together with Mr. Ye
The Yip Group and the Xiao Group merged
Now in the whole sea city
Mr. Ye's Xiao Group is really leading the way
This idea was first proposed by Dawn
He said whether the Shaw Group annexed the night market
Or the night market annexed Xiao's
As long as the final beneficiary is me
Don't worry about those details
Is Miss Sha right?
This pattern is atmospheric.
I can't call Miss Sha anymore
It should be Mrs. Ye
Reinvigorate the Xiao Group
The Yip Group is the best stepping stone
Ye Chan
I haven't divorced you yet.
I can't wait to share my anger with the little three